The library is composed of two major components, the HTTP module which makes
HTTP requests in behalf of the user, and the API module which manages session
and connection for the user and uses the HTTP module to make its requests.
Normally you will only need to use the API module.

== API Module ==

The majority of API requests require a session token.  In order to prevent the
user from having to manage session tokens, the <tt>SessionMaintainer</tt>
handles all API requests instead of the user having to make direct
<tt>HttpRequest</tt>s.  The SessionMaintainer also manages API requests that do
not require a session token, in order to keep track of errors and connection
status.

=== API Requests ===

APIs follow a pattern.  Each API has a <tt>Request</tt> class and a
<tt>Response</tt> class.  APIs are namespaced so that the classes and associated
types do not conflict and are organized nicely.

The callback passed to <tt>SessionMaintainer::Call</tt> when taking a
<tt>api::user::get_info::Request</tt> will have the matching signature "<tt>void
(const api::user::get_info::Response &)</tt>".

=== Basic Usage ===

A few includes:

<source lang="cpp">
#include "boost/asio.hpp"
#include "boost/asio/ssl.hpp"

#include "mediafire_sdk/api/session_maintainer.hpp"
#include "mediafire_sdk/api/user/get_info.hpp"
</source>

Create the <tt>SessionMaintainer</tt>:

<source lang="cpp">
asio::io_service io_service;
auto http_config = mf::http::HttpConfig::Create(&io_service);
api::SessionMaintainer stm(&http_config);
</source>

Set user:

<source lang="cpp">
stm.SetLoginCredentials( api::credentials::Email{ username, password } );
</source>

Make a request:

<source lang="cpp">
api::user::get_info::Request request;
stm->Call(
    request,
    [&](const api::user::get_info::Response & response)
    {
        if ( response.error_code )
        {
            std::cout << response.error_string << std::endl;
        }
        else
        {
            std::cout << "Success.\nDisplay name: " << response.display_name
                << std::endl;
        }
        io_service.stop();
    });

// Start the io_service, which will run until the call is completed and stop()
// is called.
io_service.run();
</source>

== Uploader ==

Includes:

<source lang="cpp">
#include "boost/asio.hpp"
#include "boost/asio/ssl.hpp"
#include "boost/variant/get.hpp"

#include "mediafire_sdk/api/session_maintainer.hpp"
#include "mediafire_sdk/uploader/upload_manager.hpp"
</source>

Create the connection and upload managers.

<source lang="cpp">
asio::io_service io_service;

auto http_config = mf::http::HttpConfig::Create();
http_config->SetWorkIoService(&io_service);

mf::api::SessionMaintainer stm(http_config);

// Handle session token failures.
stm.SetSessionStateChangeCallback(
    [&io_service](mf::api::SessionState state)
    {
        if (boost::get<mf::api::session_state::CredentialsFailure>(&state))
        {
            std::cout << "Username or password incorrect."
            << std::endl;
            io_service.stop();
        }
    });

stm.SetLoginCredentials( mf::api::credentials::Email{ username, password } );

mf::uploader::UploadManager upload_manager(&stm);
</source>

Make an upload request.

<source lang="cpp">
mf::uploader::UploadRequest request(upload_file_path);

if (vm.count("folderkey"))
    request.SetTargetFolderkey(folderkey);

if (vm.count("path"))
    request.SetTargetFolderPath(directory_path);

if (vm.count("saveas"))
    request.SetTargetFilename(directory_path);

if (vm.count("replace"))
{
    request.SetOnDuplicateAction(
        mf::uploader::OnDuplicateAction::Replace);
}

upload_manager.Add(request,
    [&io_service](mf::uploader::UploadStatus status)
    {
        if (auto * err_state = boost::get<us::Error>(&status.state))
        {
            std::cout << "Received error: " << err_state->error_code.message()
                << std::endl;
            std::cout << "Description: " << err_state->description << std::endl;
            io_service.stop();
        }
        else if (auto * complete_state = boost::get<us::Complete>(&status.state))
        {
            std::cout << "Upload complete.\nNew quickkey: " <<
                complete_state->quickkey << std::endl;
            io_service.stop();
        }
    });
</source>

And don't forget to start the io_service, which can run as your main loop or in
a separate thread.

<source lang="cpp">
io_service.run();
</source>

== HTTP Module ==

Unlike <tt>SessionMaintainer</tt> API requests, <tt>HttpRequest</tt>s have no
maintainer.  Each request is performed by an io_service then the result is
passed on via the <tt>RequestResponseInterface</tt>.

=== Basic Usage ===

This module allows simple HTTP requests to be made.

A few includes:

<source lang="cpp">
#include "boost/asio.hpp"
#include "boost/asio/ssl.hpp"

#include "mediafire_sdk/http/http_request.hpp"
</source>

Create a class to handle the response:

<source lang="cpp">
class ResponseHandler : public RequestResponseInterface
{
public:
    /**
     * @brief Called after response header is parsed with redirect directions
     * which are being followed.
     *
     * @param[in] raw_header The headers in plain text.
     * @param[in] headers Headers parsed into parts.
     * @param[in] new_url New request target.
     */
    virtual void RedirectHeaderReceived(
            const Headers & headers,
            const Url & new_url
        )
    {
        std::cout << "Got redirected" << std::endl;
    }

    /**
     * @brief Called after response header is parsed.
     *
     * @param[in] headers Headers parsed into parts.
     */
    virtual void ResponseHeaderReceived(
            const Headers & headers
        )
    {
        std::cout << "Got headers: " << headers.raw_headers << std::endl;
    }

    /**
     * @brief Called when content received.
     *
     * As content is streamed from the remote server, this is called with the
     * streamed content.
     *
     * @param[in] start_pos Where in the response content the buffer starts.
     * @param[in] buffer The streamed data from the remote server.
     */
    virtual void ResponseContentReceived(
            size_t start_pos,
            std::shared_ptr<BufferInterface> buffer
        )
    {
        std::cout << "Got content:\n"
            << std::string(buffer->Data(), buffer->Size()) << std::endl;
    }

    /**
     * @brief Called when an error occurs. Completes the request.
     *
     * @param[in] error_code The error code of the error.
     * @param[in] error_text Long description of the error.
     */
    virtual void RequestResponseErrorEvent(
            std::error_code error_code,
            std::string error_text
        )
    {
        std::cout << "Got error: " << error_code.message() << ": " << error_text
            << std::endl;

        std::cout << "Request complete due to error." << std::endl;
    }

    /**
     * @brief Called when the request is successful. Completes the request.
     */
    virtual void RequestResponseCompleteEvent() = 0;
    {
        std::cout << "Request complete due to success." << std::endl;
    }
};
</source>

Perform a request:

<source lang="cpp">
asio::io_service io_service;

std::shared_ptr<ResponseHandler> rh = std::make_shared<ResponseHandler>();

auto http_config = mf::http::HttpConfig::Create(&io_service);
auto request = mf::http::HttpRequest::Create(
    http_config,
    std::static_pointer_cast<
        mf::http::RequestResponseInterface>(rh),
    &io_service,
    "http://www.mediafire.com");

// Start the request.
request->Start();

// run() will stop when it has no more work to do, i.e. when the request is
// complete.
io_service.run();
</source>

